2:

mainly “50kMh City Roads”

3:

Road around/connecting to TLAD Trailer park and almost all the way along
Alamo Sea. So I’m considering to treat it as 2 in regards to “zone speeds”

6:

Roads around/near LS Airport
LOTS of roads in Vinewood hills report 6 (including many small driveways there)
Parkinglot right across LS airport terminal (right side)
Some roads of Paleto Bay report 6 (although most report 2, except the ‘road passing by’ which
identifies as a ‘freeway’ (66))
Part of LS reports 6 (around Arcadius Business Center for example)

10:

Many parking and driveways lots
Gas stations
LS Airport itself
(sand) roads around Davis Quartz
Roads at the PalmerTylor Green Power Station
(Funny thing is that there is also text on the road saying 10!)
The Lost And Damned ‘Trailer Park’
Nearly entire coastline/beach along Del Perro
Some sections of Mount Chiliad/Raton Canyon
NOTE: Some highway exits also briefly report 10!

11:

So far only sand roads
Sand road/part at Sandy Shores Airport
Runway part of McKenzie airfield (sand part around it reports flag 10)
Some sections of Mount Chiliad/Raton Canyon
Beach/Coastal line a little further from Paleto Bay

13:

Part of mountains around Zancudo

14:

Parking lot LS Airport
Parking lot near Del Perro Pierre
Begin of LS Airport itself (near Devin Weston)
Parking GARAGE LS Airport
Some sections of Mount Chiliad/Raton Canyon (sand roads)

15:

The ‘Tarmac’ part of Sandy Shores Airport (the runways themselves!)
NOTE: MOST LIKELY not the only location/zone which report 15 so DO NOT
use this as identifier to ‘recognize’ this airport location!!!

18:

Is being reported inside the ‘tunnel’ (normal road tunnel!) near Pillbox

34:

First part (until near the bridge which goes left) of the road to Catfish View.
Starts Right at the sign which says Cape Catfish
Part of the sand/dirt road between Paleto Bay and the coastal line (up to the stunt jump,
then it changes into 42 for a while, ending in flag 11 for the last part!)
NOTE: The part with 42 also seems to have random cars spawning (driving around)

35:

Road leading up to Tataviam Mountains
Road leading up to Catfish View (Dead-end road resulting in a ‘u turn’!)
(The TARMAC PART of this road!, the last section of this road returns 47!)

38:

Road up to radio station behind Vinewood sign (Mt. Haan Dr.)

40:

Large portion of Mount Gordo reports flag 40

42:

Entry road up to Zancudo
One parking lot near LS Airport (with the yellow Rental buses on it)
Some Sand Roads leading from Sandy Shores to Grand Senora Desert
(sand) roads at the ‘inner circles’ of Davis Quartz
Some Caravan/Trailer parks around Sandy Shores (with sand roads)
Road up to lighthouse at Mount Gordo
Some Parking lot’s
Many of the smaller roads in Vespucci Canals report 42

43:

Sand Roads at alien worship location (Sandy Shores)
SAND part road at the middle of Tataviam Mountains (near the dam!)
Beach next to Paleto Bay

46:

Parking lot right across LS airport terminal (left side)

47:

Some (off road?) bicycle tracks/courses
The last part of the road at Catfish view)

64:

Freeway Connection/Splits (the “driving over the lines” part?)
Some parts of mountains also report 64 (around Zancudo some mountain parts for example)

66 = Mainly (if not only!) Freeway

82 = Freeway Tunnels, due to some of the tunnels also being interiors I suppose they need a different flag than 66 for some reason.

130,144, 256, 258, 260, 262, 194, 320, 322, 512 and many others Seem to be intersections (Nodes overlapping/connecting etc)

2: Mainly “Regular city traffic/speeds”

10: Nearly all (if not all) vehicles I’ve seen at flag 10 locations where driving EXTREMELY slow!

66: is the majority of the free/highways

Another important observation to take into consideration is that most (if not all) tunnels on freeways (NOT underneath bridges in the city!) are considered interiors and report a different ID which is 82 instead of 66
